Last modified Jan. 23, 2017.

VUE slightly modified to suit my personal tastes.

Warning: This might be glitchy.  I'm still mostly a Java newbie.


Apollia's notes from Jan. 7, 2017: 

Here's what I managed to do so far:

* Turned on debug mode.


* Made it so when running VUE on a Unix-like platform, the default Java look-and-feel is now GTK, not Metal.  (This is just to make VUE blend in better with my preferred dark GTK theme.)


* Switching to the GTK look-and-feel somehow made it impossible to get out of (or into) split-screen mode.  So, I got rid of the split-screen that appears at startup.  (Told the mViewerSplit object to remove its righthand panel.)


* Made it possible to successfully open files and web pages by clicking resource buttons attached to nodes (or as I prefer to call them, bubbles).

Now, VUE doesn't try to open GNOME, KDE, Firefox, or Netscape to deal with filepath resources or URL resources attached to bubbles.

Instead, VUE tries to send filepaths to a shell command called "for_vue---filepath_opener", and tries to send URLs to a shell command called "for_vue---weburl_opener".

Those shell commands can do anything you want.  On my system, "for_vue---filepath_opener" is simply a symlink to Puppy Linux's default file-manager, Rox-Filer, and "for_vue---weburl_opener" is a symlink to the Pale Moon web browser.

So, now I can do things like launch other programs and scripts, and visit web pages, just by clicking currently inconveniently tiny buttons in VUE.

Reminds me a little of HyperCard.  http://www.loper-os.org/?p=568


* Changed the default background color for new maps to black.


* Removed the border from the "Search Everything" box (which apparently doesn't do anything, at least in Puppy Linux) and changed it to green text on a darker green background.


----

Apollia's notes from Jan. 23, 2017:

Recent changes or additions:

* A new submenu of the Edit menu called "Etc."  I moved the dangerous "Cut" and "Delete" menu items into it.


* A new command, "Insert Current Date/Time" (keyboard shortcut: F5).  It's in the new "Insert Bubble or Text" submenu of the Edit menu.

It inserts dates in this format: 2017-01-23 14:55:49

It works on bubbles or links, but for some reason, doesn't work on text blocks.  (Which I didn't fix, because I never use text blocks anyway.)

If no node or link is selected, or if more than one is selected, a new bubble is created, containing the current date/time.

If one node or link is selected, the current date/time is added to the label of the selected bubble or link, either at the end of the label, or wherever the caret currently is.


* Changed the original dangerous behavior of ESC while editing a bubble label or link label.

Originally, ESC would delete all the changes to a bubble label or link label, and even Undo or Redo couldn't retrieve whatever was deleted.

Now, ESC leaves the label text alone, and just deselects the bubble or link you were editing.

(Which is how text blocks already reacted to ESC, so I didn't change anything related to text blocks.)


Warning: This might be glitchy.  I'm still mostly a Java newbie.

End of notes by Apollia.

-----
Text not by Apollia:
-----

Visual Understanding Environment (VUE) is a powerful teaching and presentation tool.

1. Code Organization
The code is organized in following folders
 src -  the source files
 test - automatic junit tests
 lib - third party libraries used in VUE
 linux - code specific to linux operating system

2. Compiling and Running
The easiest method to compile and run VUE code is using ant version 1.6 or higher. 
"build.xml" file in src folder contains many tasks to make clean builds of complete
VUE application on Linux, Mac and Windows platforms. Here is a list of few useful tasks

default - runs VUE (need to run compile task for this to work)
clean - deletes all classes compiled earlier
compile - compiles the code
jar - creates VUE.jar which contains all the required classes and libraries to run VUE

3. Contact Information
For further information on VUE visit http://vue.tufts.edu/
